one week later inside the surge for doesn't fit people still missing after that deadly mudslide in Washington State
Turning Point ships finally rich free floating objects in the Indian Ocean are we closer to an answer in the mystery of flight 370
wear something California shake it by earthquake damage homes and businesses knockout power lot of mirrors long road home dogs name sassy biggest cyst from a little piece of technology
NBC News world headquarters in New York
NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt
good evening Moore unsettling rum balls this afternoon shattering nerves in Southern California less than a day after a 5.1 earthquake shattered Windows NT storage shelves and causing power outages
situs in Southern California say more than 100 aftershocks including a magnitude 4.1 quake this afternoon of a curtain wall damage from last night
quake was light it was powerful enough to remind and the region of what lies beneath we got more tonight from NBC's Wareham hours in Los Angeles
it was a 5.1 earthquake hit list of presidents described as a very long 4 seconds
feel like the seed starting the s*** after moving it was really scary
100 pushups
suede bottles and glass is broken Mr Bela's video showed a drug store clerk running for cover is a wall is good hit the floor the glass entrance of this motorcycle dealership shattered
Celtic the building was going to come down I've never been inside a building work out so scary
the quakes truck at 9:09 p.m. Local just below the Whittier fault line that runs 25 miles long between Chino Hills in Whittier
it was centered outside La Habra near Los Angeles bar South San Diego address for North is Ventura County
customs scrabble cheat to get out
the quick treating a rockslide pushing boulders on to Rhodes overturning this car in Fullerton water main breaks Forest Street closures
2000 customers lost power
weather in socks and the lights went out in
camera shops in the legendary announcer this mean
is not turtley damaging Flatts at it should be taken two hearts that we can have larger
an expert Scotia that aftershock me continue for several days to weeks
Whitmore aftershocks this afternoon many feet are there in Fort Worth experts say there is a fart Chancey yesterday's quake of a sign of a stronger quake a head but its already say it should be a warning for people to be prepared
Lester Ram Alice tonight in Los Angeles think it rain in one week after a rain soaked hillside crash down a door quiet neighborhood in Oso Washington
beyond easy realization that some of the victims may remain in tune to the modern debris for a very long time
moment of silence this morning at the exact moment of last Saturday's disaster a brief paws to the search operation push Crusader physical and emotional edges NBC's Miguel Almaguer remains on the scene 4s tonight and has a lake Oswego
here we saw steady rain anything but ideal conditions for search teens tonight there is real concerned over their safety as they push on
1037 a.m.
one week to the moment a mudslide buried so much about so search teen spas to remember the victims in does the objectify
in small towns not far from this tight knit community heartbreak and tears
going to take a long time to heal
290 official death toll standard 17 bodies have been found but not identified
90 people are still missing
everyday search teams make more grim discovery
take Cruiser identify bodies in the field to expect your victim total to rise of the next several days
it's a very very slow process it was miserable to begin with n as you all know it rain last few days its me the quicksand even worse
this is what it looks like for crews on the ground a world washed away in flipped upside down search teams are exhausted suffering from hypothermia is chaplain standby
volunteer Salvage what they can this is all that's left
this is a very emotional affair Meridian Ford
alongside us
today in the rain a flash flood warning in worries all this water could trigger another slice it dangerous work it sets Jeffords knows all too well Pantera
compass
trailer the volunteer firefighter help find his wife Christina and his granddaughter in the Robin
will miss my wife and daughter
how much tonight Jeffords shares his grief with families with lost love ones and with so many others were still waiting for someone to come home
are we can go today 7 survivors were rescued from the mudslide tonight 50 man hospitalized AR slowly recovering
Accu
today for the first time in 4 weeks floating objects were recovered in the Indian Ocean net worth spected to be related to the missing Malaysian jetliner NBC's Carrie Sanders is falling down Story Forest from Washington
it's the first time anything is good fish from the ocean since this investigation begins is the Chinese shared news that official rather just Ocean garbage
10 countries are again airborne today Chris Crossing a new patch of the Indian Ocean about the size of New Mexico
orange green and white items orange spotted in the last 24 hours what experts say yellow is the color to find
looking at this to breed is expected to see anything does bright yellow weather is the emergency escape slides were the life preserver or life
22 days into the political analyst a Chinese government is under extraordinary pressure
how to make clear to Chinese citizens that they are doing everything conceivable to find out what
250 family members of passengers are headed from Beijing to Kuala Lumpur weatherstrip more confusion 6 days ago
Minister Brook Hearts 1 ounce there was no hope and 370z
send
but this today from laser that can Ministry of Transportation no matter how remote
who is who
please continue to find survivors
American Philip wood was on board flight 370
I'm totally confused by honestly don't understand
why the government has behave the way it has the whole way through a heaven
tonight hi tech underwater listening devices on route to the sword so it will be told towed behind a ship to listen for the flight recorder Sphinx
The Spinners which are right here is supposed to send out a signal for about 30 days that means there's about 8 or 9 maybe 10 days left before the battery dies Lester I carry thank you
30 Development Center in with her ports of tens of thousands of Russian troops masinger the border and their intentions not clear
diplomatic efforts tonight at a surprise announcement by Secretary of State John Kerry NBC's Kristen Welker to the White House with more force
what's a good evening secretary Kerry was headed home from Saudi Arabia today when he abruptly turned his playing around and headed to Europe to meet with his rush counterparts in Paris tomorrow this on the heels of an hour long call between President Obama
Russian President Putin yesterday about a possible diplomatic revolution Wallace singer in ministration official would provide details
how far is heaven who did encourage in Russia police forces back to its basis and allow international monitors into Ukraine now pensions have been Mountain
after Russia annexed Crimea and the mask troops near Ukraine border Russia reiterated today it has no intention of invading other parts of Ukraine
the White House says it has to wait and see how serious is about diplomacy
so far he's been defiant Lester
alright Christian thanks just one week before the presidential election in Afghanistan Taliban militants carita big attack in Kabul today this for this week Archie foreign correspondent Richard Engel is there tonight
grieving Lester all indications are there going to be a very violent election in fact it already is
today the headquarters of reactants Electoral Commission was attacked the word dozens of election officials inside
when suddenly started receiving incoming rocketfire gunfire rush down into safe room for several hours eventually Afghan security forces mother to set up a Courtin around the area moving
who won the building 700 yards away from me
quarters were born to live on military and pick it up position clear the building and killed before Taliban militants in some ways dissizit indication of the United States is leaving behind the Afghan security forces today didn't succeed
the Taliban is increasingly bold increasingly carry out more frequent attacks right here in the Afghan capital letter
Richard Engel in Cabo more damage control today from New Jersey Governor Chris Christie who spoke today in Las Vegas today after again trying to put the George Washington Bridge scandal behind him today is pokerus on leadership
how do you get better
how do you make your people better
it's so for me I think its about
me peeing a lot more questioning
about things are going on
it's about sending very clear signal for certain contacts and actions are acceptable in certain are completely all except
our political director Chuck Todd is falling all this tonight Chuck
Wallace Richmond fascinated watch crystal the last 4 days let's put into contacts wear Christie was today in Las Vegas this was a 2016 Republican cattle call
if you want to call about a bunch of potential 2016 presidential candidates were there
so let's look at this remarkable 72 hours
chris Christie comes out with his own investigation at Claire's Hymn of wrongdoing
does a network television interview does it matter press conference for the bravado comes back it starts attacking reporters trying to basic lease a you don't know what you're talking about again
quickly get on a plane does he wants to jump start his presidential campaign still wants to run for president and that's the biggest out of this political purgatory
but as we saw today we had some new photos released
that came out the September 11 commemoration I was taking place down near Ground Zero and look who is whipped
all of the key players is on September 11 2013 is with all of the key players from the New Jersey Port Authority in left for all those guy Samson while sitting perroni
all of them with the governor wild the bread while the bridge tire plus happening in real time and again of course
it's been a case of sweet 6s for candy crush to Wylie popular video game has been captivating tens of millions of an infant first came out a couple of years ago in this week the company that makes it went public NBC's erica Hill has more the crazy over candy crush
the game the taking over smartphones and tablets everywhere
candy crush saga sugar is sweet lord
user scream and rows of colorful candy crush level 100 million game being played every day you took the price candy crush has inspired treat candy bar in New York along with socks
jewelry phone cases they didn't see this coming
we knew that we had a good core concept on our hands but the popularity within itself
Alex Kingston whited ages 25 255 are the game the most loyal customers
can't believe just how hot big book come eat in celebrity now united in the quest to conquer the cross
can you pass level strap Minot with root together
trouble trouble
play the game of the quiet place to do it is the secret room
Tech decks birthdate of people who wouldn't normally consider themselves gamers easy to get into
SRQ very slowly rewards novice players make him feel like they're cheating some things I can keep going
interior designer Jane mogul begin playing when she needed a little break
how does it help you decompress I find a very relaxing and its opposite from my work
for more than an hour a day Austin when she's supposed to be spending time with her husband Peter Pitts
together to feel a little bit of your wife
download free users can move along work with Lisa buy extra lives for 99 cents which can it up
James and not ready to log off of good times 2
level 50 in on slimming for a long time to hang a parakeet Hill NBC News New York
and we're back of America homecoming a long way to finally over
asthma attack news today's a lesson tonight and a Happy New Year in a half a dog names that wander way was reunited with owner last night the result of a chance encounter with a vet us the right questions we got a story to die from NBC still Rapaport
when you think that there is no help at all
the really and truly is hope
you never give up its been an egg in icing 17 months for Cindy Romans since her beloved beagles 7 year old sassy who she raised
the puppy wonder doll from a family members home and never returned we drive up and down the road looking to see if possibly should been hit by car nothing
you just come to come to terms with the fact that she's she's gone but sassy did survive for studying death from a severe injury sensuous into a kill shelter by state had other plans for this lucky hound
sassy travel from rush Kentucky to Ashland to Huntington West Virginia and eventually to Brentwood Pennsylvania covering more than 400 miles to find rolling into a foster home
is all is your pet in her and giving her attention gsapp a very low maintenance
but it last week best visit a revelation
they said she microchipped and turns out that she was before that we were calling her jenni as soon as they said she's microchip in her name is sassy diva tell right away she react that
microchip with the missing piece to sassy past Barracuda animal
every year of being reunited with their owners because of that microchip
it's a small device about the size of a grain of rice in planted in the animals scanners detect a chip in link to tattoo a database that links back to their owners sassy this was a reunion the Romans have prayed for
BBC News
MSNBC nightly news for this Saturday I'm Lester Holt reporting from your coffee tomorrow morning on today in right back here tomorrow evening have a great night